nvidia.rst: Added a section on slow boot times (#1130)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/tutorials/nvidia.rst

system's EFI/BIOS. 

Slow boot times
===============

There have been reports of slow boot times with NVIDIA drivers installed.
Normally, when GDM detects NVIDIA proprietary drivers, it will disable Wayland

> and enable X11. Should GDM fail to disbale Wayland, it may results in slow boot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and enable X11. Should GDM fail to disable Wayland, it may result in slow boot
```

times, according to `this GitHub reprot
<https://github.com/clearlinux/distribution/issues/1780>`_.

To manually disable Wayland:

.. code-block:: bash

>       sudo tee /etc/gdm/custom.conf > /dev/null <<'EOF'

Reviewer: The lines here should line up with the "c" in code-block for proper rendering.
